docs: Experimental exception monitoring feature (#237)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/20-experimental.md

:::info
All files in a sealed hierarchy need to be located in the same directory.
:::

## Exception monitoring

Serverpod allows you to monitor exceptions in a central and flexible way by using the new diagnostic event handlers.
These work both for exceptions thrown in application code and from the framework (e.g. server startup or shutdown errors).

This can be used to get all exceptions reported in realtime to services for monitoring and diagnostics,
such as [Sentry](https://sentry.io/), [Highlight](https://www.highlight.io/), and [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/).

> It is easy to implement handlers and to implement custom filters in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is easy to implement handlers and define custom filters within them.
```

Removes the `to` repetition.

Any number of handlers can be added.
They are run asynchronously and should not affect the behavior or response times of the server.

These event handlers are for diagnostics only,
they do not allow any behavior-changing action such as suppressing exceptions or converting them to another type.

> ### Experimental

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove this from the specific feature and any required additions to the top of the page.

Since this is an "Experimental" page, this requirement should be for all features. Opting into the experiment should be the same as going through the setup. 

The `unstable` part should maybe be added to the top of the page if that is something we would like to use as a pattern. It might be good to clarify the difference since `unstable` is usually implied by `experimental`.

This is introduced as an experimental feature. The API should currently be regarded as unstable which means there may be breaking changes to it between minor versions of the Serverpod package. To make this clear, the important parameters and methods in the Serverpod class have their names prefixed with `unstable`.

It is opt-in by providing event handlers to the Serverpod constructor,
and by invoking the new method `unstableSubmitDiagnosticEvent`.

When this feature and its interface has matured, proper names without `unstable` will be introduced. If possible, the `unstable` names will remain for some time as `@deprecated`, and then removed.

### Setup

> The Serverpod constructor now accepts `unstableDiagnosticEventHandlers` among its `experimentalFeatures` specification,

Reviewer: Suggestion: Add that you enable this feature by adding a  diagnostic event handler.
